Replace `execution_timeout` with `timeout` in sensor (#555)
astronomer/astronomer-providers: README.rst

For example, we won’t create an async Operator for a ``BigQueryCreateEmptyTableOperator`` but will create one
for ``BigQueryInsertJobOperator`` that actually runs queries and can take hours in the worst case for task completion.

> To create async operators, we need to inherit from airflow sync operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create async operators, we need to inherit from the corresponding airflow sync operators.
```

Author: fixed

> To create a async operators we need to inherit from airflow sync operators or
> if sync version isn't available then from airflow ``BaseOperator``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create async operators, we need to inherit from airflow sync operators.
If sync version isn't available, then inherit from airflow ``BaseOperator``.
```

> To create async sensors, we need to inherit from sync sensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create async sensors, we need to inherit from the corresponding sync sensors.
```

Author: fixed

> if sync version isn't available then from airflow ``BaseSenseOperator``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if sync version isn't available then from airflow ``BaseSensorOperator``.
```

> if sync version isn't available then from airflow ``BaseSenseOperator``.

Reviewer 2: Did we have a discussion on whether Async sensors should inherit from BaseOperator or BaseSensorOperator ? 
I read somewhere @dstandish mentioning that async sensors should inherit from BaseOperator

Author: Yes i had a discussion with @kaxil  during the meetup, he suggested moving all sensors under BaseSenseOperator and also creating a ticket for this particular issue which you mentioned in the backlog and then deciding whether it's BaseOpertaor vs BaseSensorOperator?

Author: Created a ticket for the discussion on the same[ here](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/airflow-providers-team-61a89ee7fbf048001dc8378d/issues/astronomer/astronomer-providers/558).

> To create a async sensors we need to inherit from sync sensors or
> if sync version isn't available then from airflow ``BaseSensorOperator``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create async sensors, we need to inherit from sync sensors.
If sync version isn't available, then inherit from airflow ``BaseSensorOperator``.
```

- We would love to see the Airflow community members create, maintain and share their providers to build an Ecosystem
  of Providers.

Limitations
-----------

> - Async sensors take param ``mode`` but it doesn't have any usage in deferrables.

Reviewer: did not understand this, can you elaborate please?

Author: yes, sure I will add more details to it.

Author: i have changed it .

- We would love to see the Airflow community members create, maintain and share their providers to build an Ecosystem
  of Providers.

Limitations
-----------

> - In Airflow sensors have a param ``mode`` which can be ``poke`` and ``reschedule``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Airflow sensors have a param ``mode`` which can be ``poke`` and ``reschedule``.
```

Author: fixed

>   Whereas in async sensors this param has no usage since tasks gets deferred to Trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  whereas in async sensors, this param has no usage since tasks gets deferred to Trigger.
```

>   whereas in async sensors, this param has no usage since tasks gets deferred to Trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In async sensors, this param has no usage since tasks gets deferred to Triggerer.
```

Author: fixed

- We would love to see the Airflow community members create, maintain and share their providers to build an Ecosystem
  of Providers.

Limitations
-----------

> - In Airflow sensors have a param ``mode`` which has two types poke and reschdule,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Airflow, sensors have a param ``mode``, which can be  ``poke`` and ``reschedule``
```

Author: Fixed

>   which uses the worker slot to poke or at intervals respectively. Whereas in async sensors this param has

Reviewer: This sentence needs to be grammatically corrected as mentioned above, and avoid writing big sentences please

Author: Changed it.
